Project Title: Collaborative Story Writing
Overview:
The Collaborative Story Writing project is a simple web application that allows users to collaboratively contribute to a story. Users can submit their additions to the story through a web interface, and the contributions are stored for everyone to see.
Features:
Contribute to the Story:
Users can add their contributions to the ongoing story by submitting text through the provided web interface.
User Authentication:
Basic user authentication is implemented to control access to the story contributions.
Hardcoded username and password for simplicity of this project.
Secure Contribution Handling:
Contributions are validated for empty content before being accepted.
Sanitization is applied to the input content to prevent potential security issues.
Technologies Used:
Backend: PHP
Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Version Control: Git/GitHub
Hosting: GitHub Pages (for frontend), Heroku (for PHP backend)
File Structure:
index.html: The main HTML file containing the frontend code.
style.css: The stylesheet for styling the HTML elements.
api.php: The PHP file serving as the backend API endpoint for retrieving and updating the story.
story.php: The PHP file containing functions related to story data manipulation.
config.php: The configuration file containing sensitive information like usernames and passwords.
How to Contribute:
Fork the repository.
Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
Make your contributions to the story or suggest improvements.
Commit your changes and push them to your fork.
Create a pull request to submit your contributions.
Local Setup:
Clone the repository to your local machine:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/collaborative-story-writing.git
Set up a local PHP server or use a web server of your choice.
Open index.html in your browser to access the web application.
Deployment:
The frontend (HTML/CSS/JS) is hosted on GitHub Pages. Access it at: https://your-username.github.io/collaborative-story-writing/.
The backend (PHP) can be deployed on a hosting platform like Heroku. Update the necessary environment variables for security.
Security Considerations:
Sensitive Information:
Ensure that sensitive information like passwords is stored securely and not exposed publicly.
Input Validation:
Implement more robust input validation and sanitization based on your project's needs.
Future Enhancements:
Implement a database for more scalable and efficient story data storage. Enhance user authentication with a more secure mechanism. However, incorporating AI into this collaborative writing project, we could explore features like AI-generated suggestions for the next plot point, automated character dialogue generation, or sentiment analysis on contributions. Adding AI to a writing project can enhance user experience and creativity.
License:
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
